#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=docs,test --output-file=dev-requirements.txt pyproject.toml
#
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via interrogate
babel==2.12.1
    # via mkdocs-material
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   readtime
black==23.7.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
blis==0.7.10
    # via thinc
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via textacy
catalogue==2.0.9
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   textacy
    #   thinc
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   interrogate
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   griffe
    #   interrogate
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
confection==0.1.1
    # via thinc
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via pdfminer-six
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cytoolz==0.12.2
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   textacy
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
docx2txt==0.8
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via validate-pyproject
floret==0.10.4
    # via textacy
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
funcy==2.0
    # via pyldavis
gensim==4.3.1
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyldavis
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.34.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
interrogate==1.5.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.14.0
    # via ipykernel
isort==5.12.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jellyfish==1.0.0
    # via textacy
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pyldavis
    #   spacy
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   pyldavis
    #   scikit-learn
    #   textacy
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdown2==2.4.10
    # via readtime
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.5.2
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-macros-plugin==1.0.4
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material==9.2.3
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.5
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
mkdocstrings==0.22.0
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.5.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
natsort==8.4.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via textacy
numexpr==2.8.5
    # via pyldavis
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   floret
    #   gensim
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pyldavis
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   spacy
    #   textacy
    #   thinc
    #   wordcloud
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyldavis
    #   seaborn
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pathy==0.10.2
    # via spacy
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   wordcloud
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs
plotly==5.16.1
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via interrogate
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.2.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pydantic-core==2.6.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   rich
pyldavis==3.4.1
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
pymdown-extensions==10.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via textacy
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via readtime
pytest==7.4.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
readtime==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs-material
regex==2023.8.8
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   spacy
    #   textacy
rich==13.5.2
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pyldavis
    #   textacy
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyldavis
    #   scikit-learn
    #   textacy
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.6.1
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   textacy
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.4
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.7
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via interrogate
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via mkdocs-macros-plugin
textacy==0.13.0
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
thinc==8.1.12
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via interrogate
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via cytoolz
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   textacy
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.9.0
    # via
    #   lexos (pyproject.toml)
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typer
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
validate-pyproject==0.14
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
wasabi==1.1.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.41.2
    # via pip-tools
wordcloud==1.9.2
    # via lexos (pyproject.toml)
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
